Crude oil for April delivery traded at $37.80 a barrel, down 28 cents
Oracle had fought to keep the forms from being released
iTunes software has seen strong sales in Europe.
All genetically modified food, including soya or maize oil produced from GM soya and maize, and food ingredients, must be labelled.
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health say that people who drink coffee may be doing a lot more than keeping themselves awake - this kind of consumption apparently also can help reduce the risk of diseases.
Eating lots of foods that are a good source of fiber may keep your blood glucose from rising too fast after you eat.
The Yankees split Hollywood with something to feel OK about after last night's 5-4 loss to the Dodgers.
Scientists at the Genome Institute of Singapore (GIS) have discovered the complete genetic sequence of a coronavirus isolated from a Singapore patient with SARS.
Phish disbands after a final concert in Vermont on Aug. 15
Euro-Scandinavian media cheer Denmark v Sweden draw.
Iraqi militants said Sunday they would behead Kim Sun-Il, a 33-year-old translator, within 24 hours unless plans to dispatch thousands of South Korean troops to Iraq were abandoned.
Two Turkish engineers and an Afghan translator kidnapped in December were freed Friday.
If a Mexican approaches the border, he's assumed to be trying to illegally cross.
Green cards are becoming more difficult to obtain.
Iran will soon release eight British servicemen detained along with three vessels
The wait time for a green card has risen from 21 months to 33 months in those same regions.
Coal company stocks got a lift Monday morning after an article in Barron's said the industry was benefiting from soaring natural gas prices and the advent of new power plants that emit less pollution.
The Royal Navy servicemen being held captive by Iran are expected to be freed today.
Total coal stocks with the thermal power stations came down to 9.6 million tonnes on March 3, 2003 from 11 million tonnes on October 1, 2002.
Anorexia in males accounted for approximately six percent of cases seen in an eating disorder clinic.
There are discussions in California and Arizona to allow illegal aliens to have driver's licenses.
South Korea's deputy foreign minister says his country won't change its plan to send three-thousand soldiers to Iraq, despite the kidnapping of a South Korean man there.
Clinton's new book is not big seller here.
The privately owned spacecraft only got about 400 feet into space, according to radar measurements, but it was enough to confirm that it no longer takes a well-heeled government project to organize space travel.
The media always talk about the Dow being up or down a certain number of points.
The Federal Aviation Administration's Associate Administrator for Commercial Space Transportation (FAA/AST) has given license approval to Scaled Composites of Mojave, California, permitting the firm to expand flight testing of SpaceShipOne  -- a privately-financed rocket plane to carry passengers to suborbital altitude.
The Los Angeles Lakers rolled over the Indiana Pacers in Wednesday's the opening round game of the NBA championship series.
World health officials warned yesterday that West Africa and Central Africa were on the verge of the worst polio outbreak in years, stemming from the refusal of a single state in northern Nigeria to vaccinate children against the disease.
The country's largest private employer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., is being sued by a number of its female employees who claim they were kept out of jobs in management because they are women.
The last polio outbreak in the United States was in 1979.
The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has cleared the way for lesbian and gay couples in the state to marry, ruling that government attorneys "failed to identify any constitutionally adequate reason" to deny them the right.
In June the Supreme Court ruled that anti-sodomy laws are unconstitutional.
Sharon warns Arafat could be targeted for assassination.
Kurdistan Regional Government Prime Minister Dr. Barham Salih was unharmed after an assassination attempt.
Wal-Mart faces huge sex discrimination suit
International journalists' organisations are accusing the U.S. government of committing war crimes in Iraq by intentionally firing at war correspondents.
It has become increasingly clear that Iran is making rapid progress toward attaining a nuclear weapons capability as U.S. officials have confirmed the presence of various nuclear sites that Tehran has failed to disclose
A Cuban American who is accused of espionage pleads innocent.
A Syrian-American airman accused of espionage complained about prisoner treatment at the US base in Guantanamo, Cuba.
The Daily Telegraph, most prized asset in Lord Conrad Black's crumbling media empire, has been sold to Britain's Barclay twins.
The Daily Mail has confirmed it has pulled out of the bidding for rival newspaper the Daily Telegraph.
On November 25, 2001, a baby Asian elephant was born at the National Zoo in Washington, DC.
The 10-day-old "test-tube" baby elephant born at Colchester Zoo has found a name, thanks to the internet!
Weinstock painstakingly reviewed dozens of studies for evidence of any link between sunscreen use and either an increase or decrease in melanoma.
Wasp and bee stings can be life threatening if you are allergic to the venom.
The State of California Department of Occupational Health and Safety released its report on the September 5 fatal accident on Disneyland's Big Thunder Mountain Railroad attraction.
The incident in Mogadishu, the Somali capital, came as U.S. forces began the  final phase of their promised March 31 pullout.
The two attacks last week by the Islamic Resistance Movement, as Hamas is formally known, dramatized for both Israelis and Palestinians the dangers they face in pursuing peaceful coexistence.
But most Israelis, including those sympathetic to the settlers' efforts to reclaim all the territory that was part of the biblical Land of Israel, reacted with horror to the Hebron killings and the subsequent violence.
The Republic of Tajikistan, which declared independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, is in a region that has changed hands many times.
Soprano's Square: Milan, Italy, home of the famed La Scala opera house, honored soprano Maria Callas on Wednesday when it renamed a new square after the diva.
"I just hope I don't become so blissful I become boring." -- Nirvana leader Kurt Cobain, giving meaning to his "Teen Spirit" coda "a denial".
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was elected March 28 with a mandate to reform Italy's business regulations and pull the economy out of recession.
Norway's most famous painting, "The Scream" by Edvard Munch, was recovered Saturday, almost three months after it was stolen from an Oslo museum.
Government forces killed the head of the Armed Islamic Group, or GIA, which has claimed responsibility for killing 61 foreigners in the last year.
"I guess you have to expect this in a growing community," said Mardelle Kean, who lives across the street from John Joseph Famalaro, charged in the death of Denise A. Huber, who was 23 when she disappeared in 1991.
In the very same room in fall, 1992, George Bush prepped to debate Clinton and Ross Perot in practice sessions with Chief of Staff John H. Sununu.
Camacho is a Mexican version of Japan's Morihiro Hosokawa -- a pragmatic tactician using a crisis and the attendant outcry for reform to further his political standing.
A farmer who was in contact with cows suffering from BSE -- the so-called mad cow disease -- has died from what is regarded as the human form of the disease.
Doctors who treated Ayrton Senna after he crashed during the San Marino Grand Prix have denied allegations that the Brazilian driver died at the Imola track.
The black Muslim activist said that he had relieved Muhammad of his duties "until he demonstrates that he is willing to conform to the manner of representing Allah and the honorable Elijah Muhammad (founder of the Nation of Islam)".
Oil prices, notoriously vulnerable to political events, spiked as high as $40 a barrel during the Gulf War in 1991.
Easter is over but that doesn't mean you can't enjoy "Ben-Hur," the granddaddy of biblical epics and winner of a record 11 Oscars, including best picture and best actor (Charlton Heston in the title role).
The anti-terrorist court found two men guilty of murdering Shapour Bakhtiar and his secretary Sorush Katibeh, who were found with their throats cut in August 1991.
The program will include Falla's "Night in the Gardens of Spain," Ravel's Piano Concerto in G, Berlioz's Overture to "Beatrice and Benedict," and Roy Harris' Symphony No. 3.
To the world, M. Larry Lawrence, the new U.S. emissary to Switzerland who hosted President Clinton on his Southern California vacation, will be known as Mr. Ambassador.
Amid rumors that China's 90-year-old senior leader, Deng Xiaoping, is near death, the visit also comes at a propitious moment to establish relationships with top officials, both military and civilian, who are likely to play a role in the post-Deng succession period as China struggles to find a new leader.
While civilians ran for cover or fled to the countryside, Russian forces were seen edging their artillery guns closer to Grozny, and Chechen fighters were offering little resistance.
Former tennis star Vitas Gerulaitis died in such fashion in September, from a lethal carbon monoxide buildup related to the faulty installation of a propane heater.
The two suspects belong to the 30th Street gang, which became embroiled in one of the most notorious recent crimes in Mexico: a shootout at the Guadalajara airport in May, 1993, that killed Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo and six others.
Two midsummer cruises aboard Clipper Adventure Cruises' 140-passenger World Discoverer (July 8 and Aug. 9) will take you to the wind-swept cliffs of the Pribilof Islands in the Bering Sea, where cartoon-faced horned and tufted puffins stare.
That prompted Clinton, wife Hillary Rodham Clinton and daughter Chelsea to spend a cold and dreary Saturday in Minsk.
Judie Vivian, chief executive at ProMedica, a medical service company that helps sustain the 2-year-old Vietnam Heart Institute in Ho Chi Minh City (formerly Saigon), said that so far about 1,500 children have received treatment.
A jury is slated to decide for the first time whether Jack Kevorkian, famed as "Dr. Death," has violated Michigan's assisted-suicide ban, while the state continues to grapple with the issue of what to allow when the ill want to end their pain by ending their lives.
He endeared himself to artists by helping them in lean years and following their careers, said Henry Hopkins, chairman of UCLA's art department, director of the UCLA/Armand Hammer Museum and Cultural Center and former director of the Weisman foundation.
Before the game, Alabama Birmingham Athletic Director and Coach Gene Bartow presented Cal State Northridge with a $5,000 check from Rust International Corp., for earthquake relief.
"For the first time in history, the players are investing their own money to ensure the future of the game," Atlanta Brave pitcher Tom Glavine said.
Wilson has, after all, produced all three Offspring albums, including "Smash," the one that has astonished everybody by selling 1 million copies in four months, establishing the heretofore unknown group as the leader, with Green Day, of an unprecedented wave of commercial success for punk.
Historians estimate that 800,000 Chechens were stuffed into rail cars and deported to Kazakhstan and Siberia, and 240,000 of them died en route.
Germans vote for a party, rather than a person, and the left-of-center Social Democrats do not score as well in polls as Scharping himself.
"That film wasn't too successful, but then 'WarGames,' which was successful, came out right when I won the Tony for 'Brighton Beach' in 1983.
About half were along a 20-mile stretch of Santa Monica Bay from Topanga Canyon Boulevard to the Palos Verdes Peninsula.
The Chapin Library's main attraction is its collection of Revolutionary-era documents, including a 1776 printed version of the Declaration of Independence.
20th Century spokesman Rick Dinon said that between the time it applied for the rate increase and changed its mind, the estimated quake losses had ballooned by several hundred million dollars.
In naming Guillermo Ortiz to be Mexico's finance minister, President Ernesto Zedillo appointed a friend, former colleague and, like himself, a U.S.-trained economist.
This was, after all, Chuck Yeager, a guy with all the right stuff, the biggest top gun of them all, whose post-World War II exploits in the topsy-turvy world of supersonic air travel helped pave the way for space exploration.
Fiat's Gianni Agnelli, owner of Juventus, was quoted by Italian newspapers as saying that when Baggio came off the field after the Mexico game, "He looked like a wet rabbit."
PERSPECTIVE ON BOSNIA; A BALKANS PEACE THAT CANNOT LAST
Gunmen loyal to Bosnian Serb nationalist leader Radovan Karadzic conquered 70% of Bosnia with their arsenal of tanks, aircraft and howitzers bequeathed by the Yugoslav army.
This year, however, the contest has taken on a new urgency as the Clinton Administration, moving to block the Pyongyang government's bid to build a nuclear arsenal, has rekindled some of the passion in North Korea's defiance of the West.
In Seoul, Han confirmed that all North Korean media on Monday had started referring to Kim Jong Il as "His Excellency" or by the term previously reserved for his father, "the Great Leader." Until now, the younger Kim has been called "the Dear Leader."
Swiss police confirmed Thursday that cult leader Luc Jouret was among the dead found in the Order of the Solar Temple's fire-gutted chalet in the alpine village of Granges-sur-Salvan.
It is an image familiar to many Southern Californians but vividly illustrative in this Egyptian metropolis, where a U.N. conference on global population is trying for the first time to draw clear links between population growth and the environment.
It rewrites the rules of global trade, established by the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, or GATT, in 1947, and modified in multiple rounds of negotiations since then.
But the retired teacher comes down on the other side of an emotional debate about whether Estonia, Sweden and Finland should spend the $70 million needed to raise the Estonia and the estimated 800 bodies entombed inside.
"Mayday! Here is Estonia! Outside Uto lighthouse. We have listed 20 to 30 degrees," the Finnish Coast Guard quoted the distress signal.
Canada rig count at 148, down 46 compared to last week's and down 27 compared to last year's.
A senior coalition official in Iraq said the body, which was found by U.S. military police west of Baghdad, appeared to have been thrown from a vehicle.
U.S. forces have been engaged in intense fighting after insurgents launched simultaneous attacks in several Iraqi cities, including Fallujah and Baqubah.
Paul Bremer, the top U.S. civilian administrator in Iraq, and Iraq's new president, Ghazi al-Yawar, visited the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk.
Arroyo was the favorite of investors because of her experience as a trained economist and government manager.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose 0.1 percent to 1573.65.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose 0.1 percent to 1573.65.
The government operations came a day after guerrillas in camouflage fatigues rampaged through the streets of Nazran, Ingushetia's capital, firing rocket-propelled grenades at police stations, taking over checkpoints and setting fire to government buildings.
Twenty-five of the dead were members of the law enforcement agencies and the rest of the 67 were civilians.
The Mona Lisa, painted by Leonardo da Vinci from 1503-1506, hangs in Paris' Louvre Museum.
A male gorilla escaped from his cage in the Berlin zoo and sent terrified visitors running for cover, the zoo said yesterday.
Clonaid, which claims to have produced 13 cloned babies worldwide, told the Streats daily newspaper two Singaporean couples had signed deals agreeing to pay $200,000 to conceive children through cloning.
Four days of talks got underway with the US announcing the first significant overture to North Korea since George W Bush took office three years ago.
If you suffer from certain genetic illnesses, or carry a gene for that illness, scientists can take one or two cells to check for those genes and transfer only healthy embryos.
Vodafone's share of net new subscribers in Japan has dwindled in recent months.
This case is one of the first to be prosecuted under a new U.S. law regulating unwanted e-mail.
Peter Voser, a 46-year-old who joined ABB from Shell 2-1/2 years ago, will rejoin the Anglo-Dutch company on October 4.
Bombs exploded in two Turkish cities Thursday only days before Turkey plays host to a NATO summit.
The terrorist is suspected of being behind several deadly kidnappings and dozens of suicide attacks in Iraq.
However, witnesses said some of the black-clad gunmen who attacked a police station and government buildings in Baquba, 60 km (40 miles) northwest of Baghdad, proclaimed loyalty to Zarqawi and wore yellow headbands linking them to his group.
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun Thursday asked the Board of Audit and Inspection (BAI) to investigate questions arising about the Foreign Ministry's response to the kidnapping of a South Korean in Iraq who was later killed by Muslim militants, according to Yonhap.
South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun Thursday asked the Board of Audit and Inspection (BAI) to investigate questions arising about the Foreign Ministry's response to the kidnapping of a South Korean in Iraq who was later killed by Muslim militants, according to Yonhap.
Increased storage isn't all Microsoft will be offering its Hotmail users--they can also look forward to free anti-virus protection.
Increased storage isn't all Microsoft will be offering its Hotmail users--they can also look forward to free anti-virus protection.
One year after shareholders approved a massive expansion in its pool of stock options, eBay is asking for more.
Oil prices edged up today as Norwegian employers said they would respond to a strike by locking out all workers next week, threatening to shut off almost all oil and gas output.
Wal-Mart has received a lot of negative publicity recently, including allegations that it used illegal workers and made employees work without pay during lunch breaks, as well as complaints that it generally underpays employees.
Ashley Olsen has decided to remain with her twin sister, Mary-Kate, instead of going on a planned trip to Australia to promote the opening of the siblings' latest movie adventure "New York Minute," reports the AP.
Ashley Olsen has decided to remain with her twin sister, Mary-Kate, instead of going on a planned trip to Australia to promote the opening of the siblings' latest movie adventure "New York Minute," reports the AP.
Traditionally, 60 percent of the tickets sold for a stop on the Vans Warped Tour, for example, occur six days prior to the show.
Passions surrounding Germany's final match at the Euro 2004 soccer championships turned violent when a woman stabbed her partner in the head because she didn't want to watch the game on television.
Passions surrounding Germany's final match at the Euro 2004 soccer championships turned violent when a woman stabbed her partner in the head because she didn't want to watch the game on television.
Draft experts say as many as eight U.S. high school prospects could be taken in the first round of the two-round draft, as well as up to eight international players.
In any case, the fact that this week Michael Melvill, a 63-year-old civilian pilot, guided a tiny rocket-ship more than 100 kilometres above the Earth and then glided it safely back to Earth, is a cause for celebration.
A joint survey by two conservation groups, World Conservation Union and the World Wildlife Fund, says the black rhino population has risen to over 3,600. That is an increase of 500 animals over the last two years.
The German-based team say their study is the only report of prolonged hibernation in a tropical mammal.
Comdex -- once among the world's largest trade shows, the launching pad for new computer and software products, and a Las Vegas fixture for 20 years -- has been canceled for this year.
Comdex -- once among the world's largest trade shows, the launching pad for new computer and software products, and a Las Vegas fixture for 20 years -- has been canceled for this year.
A variety of devices could be powered selectively from a single-power source carried on the body via multiple power supply signals at different frequencies, according to the patent abstract.
Canadian wireless technology licensing company Wi-LAN has begun legal action against Cisco, alleging the networking giant's Linksys and Aironet products are making use of its intellectual property without permission.
The organisation reports that it has recently seen a significant rise in the number of complaints and some of these involve modem connections being redirected, unbeknown to the users.
The organisation reports that it has recently seen a significant rise in the number of complaints and some of these involve modem connections being redirected, unbeknown to the users.
A closely divided U.S. Supreme Court said on Thursday its 2002 ruling that juries and not judges must impose a death sentence applies only to future cases, a decision that may affect more than 100 death row inmates.
In Johannesburg, about 500 angry AIDS activists, many wearing red and white T-shirts that said "HIV Positive," criticized Bush, saying he had hurt the global fight against AIDS by spending billions of dollars on war.
The memorandum noted the United Nations estimated that 2.5 million to 3.5 million people died of AIDS last year.
A compound in breast milk has been found to destroy many skin warts, raising hopes it also might prove effective against cervical cancer and other lethal diseases caused by the same virus.
Only a week after it had no comment on upping the storage capacity of its Hotmail e-mail service, Microsoft early Thursday announced it was boosting the allowance to 250MB to follow similar moves by rivals such as Google, Yahoo, and Lycos.
Saddam Hussein was being treated with "dignity and respect."
Shares of Salesforce closed Wednesday at $17.20, more than 50% above their offering price.
Nevertheless, Salesforce.com's stock--which began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "CRM"--got a Wall Street reception in line with that of other recent successful tech IPOs.
Binge drinking among young women is on the rise, bringing with it a number of health consequences, including fetal alcohol syndrome.
Other wildlife, such as gemsbok, zebras and springbok, are also dependent on the Ugab wetlands.
A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in 3.2 million pounds.
Treasures belonging to Hollywood legend Katharine Hepburn have raised £3.2m at a two-day auction in America.
Hepburn's family will receive the proceeds from the sale.
Money raised from the sale will go into a trust for Hepburn's family.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy sold for £174,000.
Hepburn, a four-time Academy Award winner, died last June in Connecticut at age 96.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy sold for £174,000.
The most sought after piece and the most expensive item was a bronze bust of Spencer Tracy that Hepburn created in the 1960s.
Hepburn's platinum, diamond and sapphire brooch had been estimated to fetch just $20,000, but sold for $120,000, six times its estimated price.
Nichols, 49, was convicted in the April 19, 1995, bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City.
Nichols was found guilty May 26 of 161 counts of first-degree murder for 160 victims and an unborn child in a state trial.
A statement said to be from al Qaida, claimed the terror group had killed one American and kidnapped another in Riyadh.
Voting for a new European Parliament has been clouded by apathy.
Nineteen of the European Union's 25 member states were voting in the biggest transnational elections ever held, and the first for the EU since the bloc's expansion into the former communist eastern Europe on May 1.
Voting for a new European Parliament was clouded by concerns over apathy.
Sharon sent dismissal letters to Benny Elon and Avigdor Lieberman, who oppose his withdrawal plan, on Friday.
The U.S. Army acceded to a request from the local governor to keep U.S. troops away from the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf.
Assailants also ambushed two civilian sport utility vehicles, favoured by Western civilian contractors, on the road to Baghdad's international airport
Five U.S. soldiers were killed and five wounded Friday in an ambush near the Shiite neighborhood Sadr City.
Heemeyer cut portholes for his guns, then welded a tight enclosure around them so police bullets could not penetrate.
Police found four weapons-two semiautomatic machine guns, a .223-caliber rifle and two handguns in the vehicle.
Heemeyer equipped an old bulldozer with three television cameras and monitors so he could see to steer.
The 7-4 defeat by Long Beach State, pushed the Cardinal to the brink in the double-elimination format of NCAA regionals.
The two presidents, Bush and Chirac, were honored with a 21-gun salute.
Reagan announced he had Alzheimer's disease, an incurable brain affliction.
Reagan was seriously wounded by a bullet fired by John Hinckley Jr. in an attempted assassination, but made a remarkably speedy recovery.
Reagan was seriously wounded by a bullet fired by John Hinckley Jr.
Desko's Orange beat Navy 1413 on Monday for the Division I title in men's lacrosse.
Monica Meadows, a 22-year-old model from Atlanta, was shot in the shoulder on a subway car in New York City.
Oil prices this Tuesday rose sharply in New York and London reaching a record 42,33 US dollars per barrel, 2.45 US dollars more than last Friday.
In New York, Nymex light crude oil for July delivery hit $42.38 per barrel on Tuesday
Traditional performances in Jakarta include wayang dance and drama, gamelan music, and wayang shadow-puppet shows.
Some of the buildings around the city square in the Kota also date from colonial times, including the old city hall ( 1710 ), which has been restored and now serves as the municipal museum.
Some of the buildings around the city square in the Kota also date from colonial times, including the old city hall ( 1710 ), which has been restored and now serves as the municipal museum.
The Kota ( "Fort" ), or Old City, for example, sometimes called the downtown section, is the central business district and Indonesia's financial capital.
The Istiqlal Mosque, in the northeast corner of Medan Merdeka opposite Lapangan Banteng, is one of the largest mosques in Southeast Asia.
Jakarta lies on a low, flat alluvial plain with historically extensive swampy areas; the parts of the city farther inland are slightly higher.
Jakarta floods easily during the rainy season.
The Dutch, who ruled Indonesia until 1949, called the city of Jakarta Batavia.
On Feb. 1, 1945, the Polish government made Warsaw its capital, and an office for urban reconstruction was set up.
Jews were confined to the Jewish part of town called a ghetto, and many people there starved to death.
In 1596 the Polish king decided to move the capital from Krakow to Warsaw, making Warsaw the most important city in Poland.
Saint John's Cathedral is the oldest church in Warsaw.
There are many Baroque churches of the Counter-Reformation period, including the Jesuit Church next to the cathedral and the Church of the Holy Cross, which contains Chopin's heart.
This became Aquincum when the Romans established a military camp and civilian town there at the end of the 1st century AD.
Budapest is Europe's largest spa town; there are more than 100 hot springs that spout from Buda's limestone bedrock.
To the south of Castle Hill rises the higher Gellert Hill ( 771 feet ), a steep limestone escarpment overlooking the Danube, which provides a panoramic view of the whole city.
Budapest consists of two parts, Buda and Pest, which are situated on opposite sides of the river and connected by a series of bridges.
Budapest consists of two parts, Buda and Pest, which are situated on opposite sides of the river and connected by a series of bridges.
Budapest consists of two parts, Buda and Pest, which are situated on opposite sides of the river and connected by a series of bridges.
There can be no doubt that the Administration already is weary of Aristide, a populist Roman Catholic priest who in December, 1990, won an overwhelming victory in Haiti's only democratic presidential election
Evans Paul, the pro-Aristide mayor of Port-au-Prince, said he had been told that the money will go to American lobbyists, politicians and journalists to campaign against the return of Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president
Cedras, Biamby, and Francois also led the 1991 coup that drove Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president, from office
U.S. officials said they hope to install Aristide presidential palace in Port-au-Prince about 10 days after U.S. troops land in Haiti, a schedule that an Aristide aide said is acceptable to the ousted president
The U.S. handed power on June 30 to Iraqâ€™s interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq.
The U.S. handed power on June 30 to Iraqâ€™s interim government chosen by the United Nations and Paul Bremer, former governor of Iraq.
Iraq became a sovereign country Monday morning, but only a dozen officials were present at the transfer of power ceremony in the heavily guarded Green Zone of Baghdad. Bremer handed over legal documents that were accepted by Iraq's interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi.
Guerrillas killed a peasant in the city of Flores.
Metropolitan police personnel specializing in explosives defused the rockets. Some 100 people were working inside the plant.
The extraditables today claimed responsibility for the murder of Antioquia police commander colonel Waldemar Franklin Quintero, which occurred this morning in Medellin.
Leftist guerrillas early Tuesday attacked a residential neighborhood in northern San Salvador where many government and military leaders have their homes.
Movil Access, a Grupo Salinas company, announced today that Gustavo Guzman will appoint Jose Luis Riera as company CFO of Grupo Iusacell.
Movil Access, a Grupo Salinas company, announced today that Gustavo Guzman will appoint Jose Luis Riera as company CFO of Grupo Iusacell.
QNX Software Systems Ltd., a leading provider of real-time software and services to the embedded computing market, is pleased to announce the appointment of Mr. Sachin Lawande to the position of vice president, engineering services.
Stefano Falconi, director of finance at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), has joined Carnegie Mellon as its vice president for administration and chief financial officer. Falconi succeeds Jeff Bolton, who left the university last July to become chief financial officer at the Mayo Foundation in Rochester, Minn.
Brent Frei, the co-founder of midmarket CRM vendor Onyx Software Corp., plans to step down as chief executive and chairman.
Mark Allen, the company's president and chief operating officer, will become the new CEO.
C&D Technologies announced that it has closed the acquisition of Datel, Inc.
C&D Technologies announced that it has closed the acquisition of Datel, Inc.
Ssangyong Motor was taken over by creditors after it collapsed under heavy debts during the 1997-98 Asian financial crisis.
The American Defense Department reported today, that the bombing runs against Iraq are being especially carried out via cruise missiles launched from American aircraft carriers and B52 bombers.
The American State Department announced that Russia recalled her ambassador to the United States "for consultation" due to the bombing operations on Iraq.
The humane organization, Caritas, quoting its branch in Iraq, announced today, in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, especially Saddam Hospital, which is considered the biggest hospital in Iraq, were hit in the American-British bombing of the Iraqi capital.
An Iraqi official reported today, Saturday, that 68 Iraqi civilians were killed as a result of the American and British bombing on Iraq and that their funerals were held today in Baghdad.
The funeral procession headed to the headquarters of the United Nations Development Programme in Baghdad, where funeral goers held banners denouncing the Americans as "Enemies of God."
Baghdad had announced that it will stop cooperating with UNSCOM completely but indicated that it will not ask for their departure.
This opinion poll was conducted on the sixth and seventh of October, and included a cross section of 861 adults with a margin of error estimated at 4%.
Nevertheless, 58 percent of Americans expressed their satisfaction with the President's job performance. 44 percent supported Nixon at the very beginning of the investigation into Watergate.
Boise and OfficeMax customers will have the opportunity to get involved with the Belief in Hope campaign in a variety of ways.
The Yellowstone Park Foundation recognizes the following organizations for their generous support in helping to protect the wonders and wildlife of Yellowstone National Park.
Ostriches put their heads into the sand to avoid the wind.
In 1997, insurance companies paid out $51.6 billion for prescription drugs.
Representatives from 142 nations are expected to sit down in Doha Qatar, next Friday for the World Trade Organization's (WTO) fourth Ministerial Conference.
Two women from two counties are dead and police have some clues as to who murdered them.
Trained volunteers are collecting baseline data on water quality, and testing for selected suspected contaminants of the coral reef.
Putin and Bush say Iran doesn't have evil nuclear ambitions.
Iran is said to give up al Qaeda members.
Hollywood actress Minnie Driver is taking a break from films to work in a sweatshop in Cambodia.
By clicking here, you can return to the login page.
The weapon Inspectors have had since 1991 to peacefully disarm Iraq of its weapons of mass destruction.
Following the successful bid to bring the 2010 Ryder Cup to Wales, the Wales Tourist Board has wasted little time in commissioning work to ensure that the benefits accruing from the event are felt throughout the country.
Located just three miles from Tullamore and only 45 minutes from the K Club, venue of the 2006 Ryder Cup, is Esker Hills, a genuine hidden gem and one of Irish golf's best kept secrets.
Coronado High School English teacher Lori Rosales has read the Harry Potter books and sees them as educational and something that children can relate to because the stories are timeless.
The magnitude 7 earthquake that occurred today on the Hayward fault (a part of the San Andreas fault system, along the densely populated eastern side of San Francisco bay) caused hundreds of deaths and almost $100 billion of damage.
After insulting the UN committee insinuating they were irrelavant, Bush no sooner had approval from Congress to use "force/war" if Hussein did not permit unfettered access for inspections - and the war ships were moved into place on the Gulf.
Like Jews and Christians, Muslims believe there is only one God.
Muslims are commanded not to take Jews or Christians for friends.
Medieval Christians said the rosary as Catholics still do today: by praying five decades of Ave Marias (Hail Marys), each introduced by a Pater Noster (Our Father), while meditating on three series of five mysteries each.
Then the most important part of the day begins as Muslims go to the mosque, their special place of worship.
During Ramadan, Muslims will gather at the mosque for nightly prayer sessions and evening meals.
Robert Szabo concludes that circumcision, as practiced by Muslims, would be the most immediately effective intervention for reducing HIV transmission since it is done before men are sexually active.
Those teens who are gay, lesbian or confused about their sexuality are also more likely to attempt suicide.
Exercising the powers referred to in article 15, paragraph 3, of the protocol to suppress and punish trafficking in persons, especially women and children, the government of Ecuador makes a reservation with regard to article 15, paragraph 2, relating to the settlement of disputes.
Cyrus captured Babylon without a battle, and remedied the evils done by previous Assyrian and Babylonian rulers by sending prisoners in Babylonia back to their original homelands and aiding in the restoration of temples of the gods of various nations.
After trial, Family Court found defendant guilty of willfully violating the order of protection and sentenced him to six months incarceration.
If this challenge interests you, you might enjoy reading "Punished by Rewards" by Alfie Kohn.
In the year 538, Cyrus set in place a policy which demanded the return of the various gods to their proper places.
American Airlines began laying off hundreds of flight attendants on Tuesday, after a federal judge turned aside a union's bid to block the job losses.
Only 18 states, including Massachusetts, have specific provisions that allow women who quit their jobs due to domestic violence to qualify for UI.
California voters recall Gray Davis and elect Arnold Schwarzenegger as their governor.
If any legal action is due to enforcement, dispute, breach, or default, the successful party shall be entitled to reasonable attorney fees and other costs incurred in the actions, in addition to any relief to which they may be entitled.
The trial court may allow the prevailing party reasonable attorney fees as part of costs.
Texas Data Recovery is also successful at retrieving lost data from notebooks and laptops, regardless of age, make or model.
Successful plaintiffs recovered punitive damages in Texas discrimination cases 53% of the time.
The Heads of state reiterated their deep concern for the serious threat that the rising trend in drug abuse poses for society and the lives and future of children and youth, and for the destabilizing effects that illegal use, production, trafficking and distribution of narcotic drugs psychotropic substances and drug-related offences have for the affected countries of the South Asian region.
Swedish massage is used to help relax muscles, increase circulation, remove metabolic waste products, help the recipient obtain a feeling of connectedness, a better awareness of their body and the way they use and position it.
If you 're feeling playful, visit our games area for a game of billiards, surf the Internet or just sit back and relax with a good book from our extensive library. Alternatively, soothe away those tired muscles, aches and pains with a Balinese massage.
Two years ago Moore had a 5,300-pound monument showcasing the Ten Commandments placed in the rotunda of the Judicial Building, which is just down the street from the Capitol, and a federal judge ordered Moore to remove the plaque.
The substances that our company uses do not leave stains, do not have an unpleasant smell and are not toxic.
Moore had the monument, along with other references to God, installed in the rotunda of the Judicial Building six months after he was elected Chief Justice in 2000.
Sentiment is growing in the Bush administration and global energy circles to place Iraqi professionals in charge of their country's oil production after any war, despite a push by some officials for the United States to seize control of the lucrative oil fields.
The Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1931 and their eventual attack on China in 1937 also lead to vast areas of China not being under Chiang's control.
Microsoft for instance, one of the world's largest software companies, lost more than an estimated 500 million dollars last year because of software theft.
The richest provinces, Ontario, Alberta and B.C, have spent billions on tax cuts and slashing services while at the same time howling for Ottawa to give them more money for medicare.
It would help the economy by putting people back to work and more money in the hands of consumers.
US Catholic bishops are all but unanimous in believing that Cardinal Law must leave Boston for the good of the church.
The United States would like to see U.N. weapons inspectors return to Iraq providing the Iraqis take concrete, affirmative and demonstrable actions "to show full co-operation" Clinton said.
The decision by the British government to suspend flights to Kenya is regrettable, it plays into the hands of terrorists.
North Korea states intention to restart reactors, throws out IAEA inspectors and takes down inspection cameras, announces immediate withdrawal from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and makes threats of war if the UN or the United States imposes sanctions.
If you have rheumatic heart disease, high blood pressure, or diabetes, or take digitalis drugs, vitamin E can be harmful.
When Albright was the US ambassador to the United Nations, Lesley Stahl of "60 Minutes" asked her about the sanctions and the deaths of Iraqi children. Albright said it was America's responsibility to make sure the Gulf War did not have to be fought again.
Doug Lawrence bought the impressionist oil landscape by J. Ottis Adams in the mid-1970s at a Fort Wayne antiques dealer.
Warheads believed to contain the deadly nerve agent cyclosarin that were found by Polish troops in Iraq date back to Saddam Hussein's war with Iran in the 1980s, authorities said Friday.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp.'s new vehicle sales in the US fell 46 percent in June
The news comes as the owners of Kilroot announced plans to install clean-up equipment at the plant near Carrickfergus at a cost of Â£35 million.
U.S. Embassy spokesman Stanley Shrager said that the Americans hope to help Port-au-Prince's elected mayor, Evans Paul, return from hiding and resume his post as mayor of the city.
Like the United States, U.N. officials are also dismayed that Aristide killed a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval in Port-au-Prince in hopes of bringing all the feuding parties together.
Gladys Lauture, a close Aristide friend and longtime supporter, said she and a team of carpenters, plumbers and decorators spent 18 days making Aristide's Port-au-Prince home livable again.
Juan Antonio Samaranch, president of the International Olympic Committee, left Lillehammer for Sarajevo to pay tribute to the besieged host city of the 1984 Winter Games
