Crude oil prices rose to $37.80 per barrel.
Oracle released a confidential document.
Strong sales for iTunes in Europe.
Companies selling genetically modified foods don't need labels.
Coffee drinking has health benefits.
Fiber improves blood sugar control.
Dodgers lose first game ever at Fenway.
Singapore scientists reveal that SARS virus has undergone genetic changes.
Rock band Phish holds final concert in Vermont.
Denmark and Sweden tie.
translator kidnapped in Iraq.
translator kidnapped in Iraq.
Mexicans continue to illegally cross border.
Green card is now difficult to receive.
British servicemen detained.
It takes longer to get green card.
Coal stocks rise.
British servicemen detained.
Coal stocks rise.
Anorexia becomes common in males.
California driver's licenses granted to illegal immigrants.
South Korea continues to send troops.
Clinton's book is a big seller.
private spaceship launches.
Dow Jones is down.
Private spaceship launches.
Lakers win the championship.
African polio outbreak feared.
Wal-Mart sued for sexual discrimination.
African polio outbreak feared.
U.S. Supreme Court in favor of same-sex marriage.
U.S. Supreme Court in favor of same-sex marriage.
prime minister targeted for assassination.
prime minister targeted for assassination.
Wal-Mart faces a sex-discrimination suit.
US withdraws war crimes.
Iranian chemical weapons threaten United States.
American accused of espionage.
American accused of espionage.
Daily telegraph is sold.
Daily telegraph is sold.
baby elephant born.
baby elephant born.
skin cancer numbers increase.
bee stings can be fatal.
Disneyland has accident.
The capital of Somalia is Mogadishu.
The Islamic Resistance Movement is also known as Hamas.
Hebron is located 20 miles south of Jerusalem.
The Soviet Union collapsed in 1991.
La Scala opera house is located in Milan, Italy.
The Italian Prime Minister is Silvio Berlusconi.
Edvard Munch painted "The Scream".
The abbreviation GIA stands for Armed Islamic Group.
John J. Famalaro is accused of having killed Denise A. Huber.
Ross Perot ran for president in 1992.
The Japanese Prime Minister is Morihiro Hosokawa.
Bovine spongiform encephalopathy is another name for the "mad cow disease".
Ayrton Senna had the accident that caused his death at the San Marino Grand Prix.
Elijah Muhammad founded the Nation of Islam.
The Gulf War was fought in 1991.
Charlton Heston played the title role in the movie "Ben-Hur".
Shapour Bakhtiar died in 1991.
"Beatrice and Benedict" is an overture by Berlioz.
Larry Lawrence is the head of the U.S. Embassy in Switzerland.
Deng Xiaoping is 90 years old.
Grozny is the capital of Chechnya.
Vitas Gerulaitis died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo died in 1993.
The Pribilof Islands are located in the Bering Sea.
Clinton's wife is called Hillary Rodham Clinton.
The previous name of Ho Chi Minh City was Saigon.
Jack Kevorkian is the real name of "Dr. Death".
The UCLA/Hammer Museum is directed by Henry Hopkins.
Gene Bartow coaches Alabama Birmingham.
Tom Glavine plays for the Atlanta Braves.
"Smash" is the title of the third album of the Offspring.
Stalin deported 800,000 Chechens.
Rudolph Scharping is a member of the Social Democrats.
The film "WarGames" was shot in 1983.
The coastline of Santa Monica Bay is 50 miles long.
The Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776.
Rick Dinon is the senior vice president of 20th Century Insurance Co.
Guillermo Ortiz was born in Mexico.
Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier in 1947.
Giovanni Agnelli is the president of Fiat.
Bosnia is located in the former Yugoslavia.
Radovan Karadzic is the leader of Bosnia.
Pyongyang is the capital of North Korea.
Kim Il Sung's son is called Kim Jong Il.
Luc Jouret was the leader of the Order of the Solar Temple.
The International Conference on Population and Development was held in Cairo.
GATT was formed in 1947.
910 passengers died in the "Estonia" shipwreck.
Last year, the tally was 148.
A body has been found by U. S. military police.
Fallujah and Baqubah are Iraqi cities.
Ghazi al-Yawar is Iraq's new president.
Arroyo has experience as an economist and as a government manager.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index rose.
The Philippine Stock Exchange Composite Index dropped.
Ingushetia's capital is Nazran.
25 of the dead were civilians.
The Mona Lisa is in France.
A gorilla escaped from his cage in a zoo in Germany.
Clonaid has cloned 13 babies.
George W. Bush entered the US presidency 3 years ago.
Scientists can determine whether an embryo has genetic illnesses or is a carrier of them.
There have been many new subscribers to Vodafone in Japan in the past few months.
There is a new U. S. law that bans e-mail.
Peter Voser has worked for Shell in the past.
Turkey plays host to suicide bombers.
Terrorist kidnaps dozens of Iraqis.
Some of the gunmen showed loyalty to Baquba's group.
Roh Moo-hyun asked the BAI to kidnap a South Korean in Iraq.
A South Korean in Iraq was killed by Muslim militants.
Microsoft won't offer increased storage to its users.
Microsoft will provide free anti-virus protection.
Shareholders approved expansion for one year.
Workers strike in response to Norwegian employers' threats.
Wal-Mart faces allegations for underpaying employees.
Ashley Olsen plans a trip to Australia with Mary-Kate.
The Olsen twins star in "New York Minute".
Most tours only sell 60 percent of the tickets.
A woman passionately wanted to watch the soccer championship.
A man was stabbed because of a soccer game.
Draft experts draft eight international players.
Michael Melvill guided more than 100 rocket-ships above the Earth.
The team studies hibernating mammals in Germany.
Comdex launches trade shows for 20 years.
Los Vegas hosted the Comdex trade show for 20 years.
The patent abstract shows a number of devices using a single source.
Linksys and Aironet begin legal action against a Canadian company.
Users were unaware of the modem connections' redirection.
Complaints arose in the organisation about users who redirect their modem connections.
The Supreme Court decided that only judges can impose the death sentence.
In Johannesburg, activists complained that Bush spent billions of dollars on the global fight against AIDS instead of on war.
Over 2 million people died of AIDS last year.
Breast milk may help fight cervical cancer.
Microsoft's Hotmail has raised its storage capacity to 250MB.
Saddam Hussein was being treated as a dignitary.
Salesforce shares were more than 50% above their offering price of $17.20.
Salesforce.com started trading under the symbol "CRM".
Young women are binge drinking more, which can lead to the health risk of fetal alcohol syndrome.
Zebras depend on the Ugab wetlands.
A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in £3.2m.
A two-day auction of property belonging to actress Katharine Hepburn brought in 3.2 million pounds.
Proceeds go to Hepburn's family.
Proceeds go to Hepburn's family.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy made £174,000.
Hepburn, who won four Oscars, died last June aged 96.
A small bronze bust of Spencer Tracy made £180,447.
The highest-selling item was a bronze bust made by Hepburn in the 1960s of her actor lover Spencer Tracy.
Hepburn's diamond and sapphire brooch fetched $120,000.
Nichols was sentenced to life in prison for the April 19, 1995, bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building.
The state charges against Nichols are for 160 victims and one victim's fetus.
A U.S. citizen working in Riyadh has been kidnapped after a colleague in the same company was shot dead yesterday.
Apathy clouds EU voting.
Nearly 350 million people were eligible to vote since the EU took in 10 new members on May 1.
Voting for a new European Parliament has been clouded by apathy .
On Friday,Sharon fired Benny Elon and Avigdor Lieberman.
The U.S. Army agreed to a request from the local governor to keep US troops away from the Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf.
Assailants also ambushed two civilian sport utility vehicles on the road to Baghdad's international airport.
Five US soldiers were killed and five wounded on Friday in an ambush near the Shi'ite neighbourhood Sadr City.
Out of an old bulldozer, Heemeyer built a concrete box that no police bullet could penetrate.
Police found four weapons - a .50-calibre rifle, two military style assault rifles and a handgun in the vehicle.
Heemeyer had installed television cameras connected to three monitors so he could see where he was going.
Stanford Cardinal were defeated by Long Beach State, 7-4.
The two presidents, Bush and Chirac, were honoured with a 21-gun salute.
Reagan died of pneumonia complicated by Alzheimer's disease.
Reagan survived an attempted assassin's bullets.
John W. Hinckley Jr. shot Reagan in the chest.
Desko's Orange beat Navy 14-13 on Monday for the Division I title in men's lacrosse.
Monica Meadows, 23, was shot in shoulder while riding a subway car in New York City.
Oil prices this Tuesday surged to an all-time high in New York, at 42 dollars a barrel, 1.92 dollars a barrel more than last Friday.
Crude oil futures surged to an all-time high in New York Tuesday, at 42 dollars a barrel.
Gamelan music, in which percussion instruments are key, and shadow-puppet shows are popular in Jakarta.
The city hall is a museum now.
In the Old City are the old port, the Dutch town hall, and a square.
The Kota is the country's business center.
The Istiqlal Mosque is one of the largest mosques in Southeast Asia.
The parts of Jakarta away from the coast are on slightly higher land.
Jakarta is easily flooded during the rainy season.
Formerly ( until 1949 ) Batavia, Jakarta is largest city and capital of Indonesia.
Warsaw remained Poland's capital after the war.
Disease, starvation, and overcrowding caused thousands to perish before deportations to the Nazi death camps, especially to Treblinka, began in late 1941.
In 1611 the king and his court finally moved from Krakow ( Cracow ) to Warsaw, making it the capital of the Polish state.
In the Old Town, the Gothic St. John's Cathedral and the red-brick fortifications known as the Barbican remain from the medieval period.
Sigismund made Warsaw the capital of Poland in 1611.
One of the first organized settlements on the site, though, was the Roman fortress of Aquincum.
There are numerous underground hot springs that contain radium and other minerals, and, since Roman times, bathers have sought them out for their supposed healing properties.
To the south is Gellert Hill, which features the 19th-century Citadel.
Pest is on the opposite, east bank.
Buda is located on the west bank of the Danube.
Budapest consists of two principal parts that were merged in 1873.
Aristide became president of Haiti in 1990.
Aristide is the mayor of Port-au-Prince.
Aristide seized power in 1991.
Port-au-Prince is in Haiti.
Transfer of power in Iraq on June 30.
The United Nations officialy transferred power to Iraq.
Guerrillas killed a civilian.
police officer killed.
Guerrillas attacked government buildings.
Movil Access appoints Gustavo Guzman as CFO.
Movil Access appoints Jose Luis Riera as CFO.
Sachin Lawande Named VP of Engineering Services at QNX.
Brent Frei quits ceo position.
Mark Allen is appointed as chief operating officer.
C&D Technologies acquired Datel Inc.
Datel acquired C&D Technologies.
Asian financial crisis takes over Ssangyong Motor.
The Pentagon reported today, that the bombing runs against Iraq are being especially carried out via cruise missiles launched from American aircrafts.
An official source in the American Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that Russia called the United States "for consultation" because of the bombings on Iraq .
An official source for Caritas announced today in Germany, that several Iraqi hospitals, (excluding Saddam Hospital, which is the biggest hospital in Iraq,) were hit in the American-British shelling of Baghdad.
Reports from an Iraqi official today, Saturday, said that the 68 civilians killed as a result of the Anglo-American bombing of Iraq, were buried today in Baghdad .
The funeral procession had been directed to the UNDP headquarters in Baghdad, where signs denouncing Americans as "enemies of God," were seen.
Baghdad announced the complete halt in their cooperation with UNSCOM, and said also, that it will ask them to leave.
This poll was carried out on the 6th and 7th of October, and included a segment of 861 people with a margin of error estimated at 4%.
Boise to acquire OfficeMax.
The Yellowstone Park Foundation would like to acknowledge and thank the following organizations for their generous support.
Ostriches bury their heads in the sand.
Insurance companies cover prescription drugs.
Representatives of the 142 member countries of the World Trade Organization will gather in Doha, Qatar, next Friday.
Police gather clues in double assassination.
Volunteers gather baseline data.
Bush and Putin urge Iran to give up nuclear ambitions.
Iran hands over al Qaeda members.
Actress Minnie Driver gives up Hollywood for Cambodian sweat shop.
Click here to go back to the login page.
Weapons inspectors will go back to Iraq.
Wales to host 2010 Ryder Cup.
The K Club will host the 2006 Ryder Cup.
Teacher wins right to market Harry Potter.
There was a magnitude 7 earthquake on the Hayward fault.
Hussein gives UN inspectors unfettered access.
Muslims are monotheistic.
Jews and Christians pray as Muslims do.
Christians pray the rosary.
Muslims pray at the mosque.
The mosque is a place of worship for Muslims.
It is incorrect to assert that circumcision prevents HIV infection.
Teens who are depressed are much more at risk of attempting suicide than other teens.
The government of Ecuador aims to prevent trafficking in persons.
Babylon surrendered to Cyrus without going to battle.
Family Court cannot punish the guilty.
I read "Punished by Rewards" by Alfie Kohn.
Cyrus issued a declaration in 538 that would allow the Jews to go back to their homeland.
American Airlines will recall hundreds of flight attendants.
18 states have provisions that permit women who quit their jobs because of domestic violence to collect unemployment insurance.
California voters dumped Gov. Gray Davis and replaced him with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The prevailing party shall recover attorney fees.
The prevailing party may not recover attorney fees.
In the event of a disaster you could use Texas Data Recovery and you will have the capability to restore lost data.
Legal costs to recover punitive damages are a deductible business expense.
The Heads of state expressed their deep concern at the fast and continuing degradation of the environment, including extensive destruction of forests, in the South Asian region.
Swedish massage loosens tense muscles.
Moore now has the commandments plaque posted in his office.
Our substances remove stains.
Moore had the monument installed before he became Chief Justice.
The United States threatened the "severest consequences" if Iraq were to use chemical or biological weapons against the United States, destroy Kuwaiti oil fields or participate in terrorism.
The Japanese seized Manchuria in 1931, and began a war against China in 1937.
Microsoft would spend 500 million dollars.
Ottawa promises more money to upgrade the literacy levels and skills of natives and high school dropouts.
More money in the hands of consumers means more money can be spent to get the economy going.
Cardinal Law returns from Rome with plans to stay in Boston.
U.N. weapons inspectors could stay in Iraq, Clinton said.
The British government banned flights to Kenya.
North Korea has announced its withdrawal from liaison meetings with United States military officers.
Vitamin E can prevent heart disease.
Doug Lawrence sold the impressionist oil landscape by J. Ottis Adams.
Polish troops confiscated Warheads.
Mitsubishi sales rose 46 percent.
Owners announced plans to sell clean-up equipment.
Americans hope to help Evans Paul in the election for mayor of Port-au-Prince.
Aristide had Prime Minister Robert Malval  murdered in Port-au-Prince.
Aristide is due to live at Port-au-Prince again.
The International Olympic Commitee's head office is in Lillehammer.